Switch exoscale_security_group* resources to public API (#133)
exoscale/terraform-provider-exoscale: website/docs/r/security_group.html.markdown

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Security Group.

> * `description` - A free-form text describing the Anti-Affinity Group purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `description` - A free-form text describing the Security Group purpose.
```

Author: Good catch, thanks.
